Add link to ROS 2 package in readme (#1)
ros-safety/contracts_lite: README.md

# Usage

> **Note:** A ROS 2 version of this project is available at: [https://github.com/ros-safety/contracts\_lite\_vendor](https://github.com/ros-safety/contracts_lite_vendor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This project can be used in ROS 2 via the [vendor package](https://github.com/ros-safety/contracts_lite_vendor), which allows it to be integrated into a colcon workspace.
```
